Make fetch() optional in Bun.serve() when routes are passed (#17401)
oven-sh/bun: docs/bundler/fullstack.md

  // - Hot reloading (Bun v1.2.3+ required)
  development: true,

>   // < Bun v1.2.3, you could use the `fetch` option to handle API requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Prior to v1.2.3, the `fetch` option was used to handle all API requests. That's optional now.
```
This sounds better imo
